ccsc     -C48   xIsNumber__CCS.txt      C48test    xIsNumber__BF_c.txt
ccsc     -C48   qEscSeq__CCS.txt        C48test2   qEscSeq__BF_c.txt
ccsc     -C48   qScope__CCS.txt         C48test3   qScope__BF_c.txt
ccsc     -C48   xAtoI__CCS.txt          C48test4   xAtoI__BF_c.txt

ccsc     -C88   xIsNumber__BF.txt       C88test    xIsNumber__BF_c.txt
ccsc     -C88   xIsNumber__BF_i.txt     C88test2   xIsNumber__BF_c.txt
ccsc     -C88   xAtoI__BF_i.txt         C88test3   xAtoI__BF_c.txt
ccsc     -C88   xEcho__BF_i.txt         C88test4   xEcho__BF_c.txt
ccsc     -C88   xEcho__BF.txt           C88test5   xEcho__BF_c.txt

ccsc     -C78   xIsNumber__ND_rev.txt   C78test    xIsNumber__BF_c.txt
ccsc     -C78   xIsNumber__ND.txt       C78test2   xIsNumber__BF_c.txt
ccsc     -C78   xAtoI__ND_rev.txt       C78test3   xAtoI__BF_c.txt
ccsc     -C78   xAtoI__ND.txt           C78test4   xAtoI__BF_c.txt
ccsc     -C78   xEcho__ND.txt           C78test5   xEcho__BF_c.txt
ccsc     -C78   qEscSeq__ND.txt         C78test6   qEscSeq__BF_c.txt
ccsc     -C78   qScope__ND.txt          C78test7   qScope__BF_c.txt
ccsc     -C78   xHello__ND_rev.txt      C78test8   xHello__BF_c.txt
ccsc     -C78   xtoLower__ND_rev.txt    C78test9   xtoLower__BF_c.txt

ccsc     -E     yPreProcess__CS.txt     C11test    yPreProcessed.txt
ccsc     -E     yInclude__CS.txt        C11test2   yIncluded.txt
ccsc     -E     yDualInclude__CS.txt    C11test3   yDualIncluded.txt
ccsc     -E     yRepInclude__CS.txt     C11test4   yRepIncluded.txt
ccsc     -E     yIfElseTrue__CS.txt     C11test5   yIfElseTrued.txt
ccsc     -E     yIfElseFalse__CS.txt    C11test6   yIfElseFalsed.txt

ccsrc    -C88   xIsNumber__BF_c.txt     R88test    xIsNumber__BF_i.txt
ccsrc    -C88   xEcho__BF_c.txt         R88test2   xEcho__BF_i.txt
ccsrc    -C88   xHello__BF_c.txt        R88test3   xHello__BF_i.txt
ccsrc    -C88   xtoLower__BF_c.txt      R88test4   xtoLower__BF_i.txt

ccsrc    -C87   xIsNumber__BF_c.txt     R87test    xIsNumber__ND_rev.txt